Backport Conduktor's improvements (#781)
zio/zio-kafka: zio-kafka-test-utils/src/main/resources/README.md

# Keystore and truststore files generation

The files:
 - `keystore/kafka.keystore.jks`
 - `truststore/kafka.truststore.jks`
 - `truststore/ca-key`

> were generated thanks to https://github.com/confluentinc/confluent-platform-security-tools/blob/master/kafka-generate-ssl.sh

Reviewer: Can you change it something like the following? The script requires many parameters and it is not clear which.

```suggestion
were generated with https://github.com/confluentinc/confluent-platform-security-tools/blob/master/kafka-generate-ssl.sh using the following input:

'''
Do you need to generate a trust store and associated private key? [yn] --> y
Password for the private key --> ...
Your name, company and CN -> Any value you like
the trust store's password (labeled 'keystore') -> ...
... etc ...
'''
```

Author: Everything is explained in the Confluent repo, I don't want us to repeat the instructions
